Hi André,

Thank you for your interest in Bridgewater! This email explains the next step in the application process. We are excited to tell you more about us and to learn more about you!

As you may know, we believe that Bridgewater’s success depends on having great people operating within a great culture. To help you better understand what we’re like, we’ve created the “Bridgewater Experience”- a multimedia website that explains our core principles and values - so that you can make an informed decision about whether Bridgewater seems like a good match for you. The multimedia portion of the experience should take less than 30 minutes to complete, though we encourage you to explore and go at your own pace.
If, after reviewing the material, you decide that you’d like to continue, the site will direct you to our “About You Survey Center,” in which we’ll learn a bit more about you through a series of online assessments (est. time is just over an hour). Over time, we’ve found that these surveys can be helpful in gathering an initial perspective on individual personalities and work style preferences. There are no “ right” or “wrong” answers; rather, the surveys often help foster quality conversations around what you’re like (and what we’re like) as we continue the mutual-exploration process. 

We ask that you please complete the Bridgewater Experience and About You Survey Center within 3 days so that we have this insight as we review your profile and explore your fit with our hiring teams. If this timeline does not work for you, simply reply to this email to let me know so that I can set appropriate expectations with the team. 

This is your personalized link to the Bridgewater Experience:
Click Here To Begin the Bridgewater Experience

FAQ
Is completing the Bridgewater Experience/About You Survey Center mandatory in order to apply?
Yes. We believe that these tools are the best way for you to learn about Bridgewater, and for us to learn about you. If you have personal concerns about completing either of these experiences, please contact us directly. *NOTE: if you have already completed these surveys for Bridgewater in the past, please DO NOT retake them.

I’ve already done my research on Bridgewater. Why do I need to complete the Bridgewater Experience?
Thank you for taking the time to research Bridgewater. We’ve designed this experience to help complete your understanding of what it could be like to work here and believe it will help inform your decision on whether or not to move forward in the application process.

What happens when I complete the surveys?
Upon completion, our recruiting team will review your entire package including all previously submitted information including your resume. We recommend you retain your login information in a secure location if you do the assessments, as you may re-visit your About You profile in the future to view or download your survey results. 

How are my survey results used?
Bridgewater’s recruiting process is designed to gain a holistic understanding of our applicants through a variety of different methods. Bridgewater uses these survey results as just one data point in building out the picture of an applicant.

Do I have to complete these surveys in one sitting?
You do not have to complete all four surveys in one sitting. If you sign out, your answers will be automatically saved. You may sign back in using the email and password you created during registration to pick up where you left off.

Can I see my results?
Upon completion of all four surveys, you will be taken to your About You Profile page where you will be able to view your results. To review your MBTI results, you will have the option to complete a 20 minute exercise, to help you gain a better understanding of personality type, after which your results will be accessible through your About You Profile Page. You will also have the opportunity to provide feedback on the experience, and give your view on the accuracy of your results.

What if I don't hear back?
If we are unable to locate an open position that leverages your background, skills, and abilities at this time, we will keep your information on file and reach out to you directly if/when an appropriate position opens up. 

If you have any additional questions or get stuck
Please contact me and I will get back to you within two business days.

Bridgewater Recruiting